RHIDP-7975 Enabling authentication procedures with mandatory steps only (#1266)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/authentication/proc-enabling-user-authentication-with-microsoft-azure.adoc

`AUTHENTICATION_AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET`::
Enter your saved *Application (client) secret*.

. Enable the Microsoft Graph organization provisioning plugin (`backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-msgraph-dynamic`) in your `dynamic-plugins.yaml`
file.

> This plugin imports {azure-short} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog.

Author: ```suggestion
+
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:
 - package: './dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-catalog-backend-module-msgraph-dynamic'
   disabled: false
----

. To provision {azure-short} users and groups to the {product-short} software catalog, add the `catalog.providers.microsoftGraphOrg` section to your custom {product-short} `{my-app-config-file}` configuration file:
+
```

> 

Author: Done
